doc(install): immutable distro require a reboot (#961)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/deploy/install/_index.md

./longhornctl install preflight
```

> > **Notice**  
> > Some immutable Linux distributions, such as SLE micro, require a reboot of the worker nodes after executing the `install` sub-command.  
> > Please refer to the official documents for the Linux distribution, such as [SLE micro](https://documentation.suse.com/sle-micro/6.0/html/Micro-transactional-updates/index.html#reference-transactional-update-usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**:  
> Some immutable Linux distributions, such as SUSE Linux Enterprise Micro (SLE Micro), require you to reboot worker nodes after running the `install` sub-command.
>
> The documentation of the Linux distribution you are using should outline such requirements. For example, the [SLE Micro documentation](https://documentation.suse.com/sle-micro/6.0/html/Micro-transactional-updates/index.html#reference-transactional-update-usage) explains how all changes made by the `transactional-update` command become active only after the node is rebooted.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks
